originally I did but
after so many mishaps I've had
you know what
love at first sight can go sling one
I do believe in love at first sight
just because of
love is another part of either friendship
or
relationship as well
that it can bring a positive outcome
in someone and they kind of you can kind
of help them to be loved and be secure
and comfort
probably you can do that in friendship as well
yeah but in a different manner but
love can be either relationship or be a family member or something or
and I think it was hard for me when I was younger because
I probably didn't believe it if I was younger but
as you get older you do because you kind of feel more
as part of life then that I think you realise that you need someone in your life probably
to feel that way
but I think
I thought I felt love at first sight but I'd say probably about a few years ago when I was starting
at my college because that's why I want you know college was perfect for me because I knew that
getting a girlfriend today is quite half and half but
I had a couple of girlfriends in there but
it was just
they lived quite far away but
you know finding love as well at first sight it's hard
oh it is like I generally thought love at first sight
was it when I was going through primary school up into comp and all that
then into college
yeah and of course I was kind of I've been in about six maybe seven relationships in total
but the one that I don't think you met or you might have is Jess
yes that was a couple years ago
yeah that's when I was living with her for seven months
yeah that's when I generally thought it was love at first sight
I know and as we've said it's hard when you're happy and something bad happens to you that you think
am I doing anything right or wrong
I know and they won't even tell you
yeah
and I think that's
I think I'm lucky with mine
when I seen Kimmy and Ponti bus station back January 2017
well I loved her but she kind of looked down
because I think she probably felt the same love at first sight
and we kind of knew there was something there
so I think that's why we're still together now
I think my first reaction was
and they call it puppy love
yeah
and I think you know
some of the people are lucky when you have someone you know love
and you see them first
you think right is it you know
that's definitely the girl
and that
yeah
I think
sometimes you know
part of life that you might not be lucky
you might be
you just want to think positive
and to say
hey it's good for it
then if not it don't work out
you know
yeah because there's plenty more fish in the sea
as they say
yeah
but
love is not
you know
it's a very powerful source
I think
yeah
you know for you Alex
I think it
you know
it'll come and go for you
but I think it's
because I think it's hard for you
because of who you are
to believe it
and you know
it's like so
I think
I believe it
believe it is
I thought at one point
I grasped it
and then
out of the blue
and I was just like
nah
I haven't grasped it
still got to do a few tweaks
you and me
but
I have been doing those tweaks
yeah
just don't work as much
work as much as
what it was
without the tweaks
the tweaks
Let's go.